Update the installation assumptions doc (#1968)
ansible/molecule: doc/source/installation.rst

      $ pip install --upgrade --user setuptools

  .. _setuptools: https://pypi.org/project/setuptools/

.. warning::

>   Pip v19 series has an isolation bug of setuptools being exposed to the

Reviewer: Reference?

Author: I'll add it

>   package build env. That is why it's highly recommended to upgrade user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  package build environment. That is why it's highly recommended to upgrade the user
```

Source
======

Due to the rapid pace of development on this tool, you might want to
install and update a bleeding-edge version of Molecule from Git.

Follow the instructions below to do the initial install and subsequent
updates.

The package distribution that you'll get installed will be autogenerated

> and will contain a commit hash information making it easier to refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and will contain commit hash information making it easier to refer to
```

certain unstable version should the need to send a bug report arise.

.. warning::

  Please avoid using ``--editable``/``-e`` `development mode`_ when
  installing Molecule with Pip. This not very well supported and only
  needed when doing development.

>   For contributing purposes, it's already integrated with ``tox``

Reviewer: Perhaps `For contributing purposes, you can rely on the Tox command line interface. Please see ... <link to our tox command docs>`?

Author: Yeah, this should probably be improved...

  properly.

  .. _`development mode`:

>      https://setuptools.readthedocs.io/en/latest\

Reviewer: Can be an intersphinx link instead please.

Author: It'd be an unrelated change. This was in the original doc version. I'd like to keep only related changes in this PR.
